# Girdwood et al. 2024 Repository Information
*author: Jessica Girdwood*

## "FibDat"
This directory contains all the data for the fibre and aerosol calibrations, in
addition to the scripts used to generate some of the plots used for the paper.

### "Proc"
Contains the processed data which were generated by the UCASS calibration
software, for both aerosol (under the "aero" subdirectory) and fibres (under
the "fib" subdirectory).

### "Raw"
Contains the raw data from the calibrations, which were reported by the UCASS
data acquisition software. Again, fibre data are contained within the "fib"
directory and aerosol data are contained within the "aero" directory.

### Scripts
"cali_corr.py", written in python v3.11, was used to generate the correlation
plots shown in Fig. 8 of Girdwood et al. 2024. This script uses a virtual
environment which is contained within the "venv" directory. "plot_cali.m",
written in Octave v8.3.0, was used to generate the plots of the UCASS
calibrations shown in Fig. 6 and 7.

## "FFTSca"
Automated code for the GLMT scattering simulations, which were used in Girdwood
et al. 2024. The venv directory contains a python interpreter which was used
for the simulations.

### "glmt_src"
The source code for the GLMT simulations.

### "glmt"
The compiled code for the simulations, and the input files which were required.
The README.md file within this directory contains more detail regarding the
data input files and the code. The "start_sim" file is a script written in pure
bash, which manages the input files according to a user input, which can be
configured on the command line. The "automate_glmt.py" file will run the
"start_sim" bash script, and loops over a series of sizes and beam shape
coefficients, which are specified as command line options.

## "glmt_output"
This directory contains all the GLMT data whcih were used in Girdwood et al.
2024, as generated by the code shown in the "FFTSca" directory.

### "job#"
Any directory named "job#" was generated by the GLMT Code. A separate job
directory is generated from each BSC computation, meaning each folder contains
data from a different beam minor axis dimension.

### Scripts
All of the scripts in this directory were written in Octave v8.3.0. "Weight.m"
will apply the weighting function of UCASS to a differential scattering cross
section input. "apply_weight.m" extracts the relevant data from the "job#"
files, and computes the SCS integral, thus calling "Weight.m".
"glmt_proc_loop.m" automates this process for all of the beam dimensions.
"gen_glmt_plots.m" is the script which generates the plot used in Fig. 2.















